07.25.23
I have an idea to create a new section for Bish's RV's website that will allow customers to go and create parts orders.
Features:
- Enter user info: name, phone number, email
- Enter trailer info: VIN, make, model, year,
- Allow customers to describe their problem and what they want to do to solve it.
- Allow customers to attach photos of the issue.
- Eventually create a QR Code that customers can scan then they can go home and already have the site up for them to start filling out information.

I have 6 weeks to accomplish this. Here's my plan:
Week 1: Introduction
Learn HTML and CSS fundamentals for structuring and styling web pages.
Complete online tutorials and exercises to practice creating basic web pages.
Watch Youtube video tutorials, look at Bish's Code and see how you can apply what they are already using.


Week 2: Frontend Development
Dive deeper into frontend development with JavaScript.
Learn about DOM manipulation and event handling to create interactive forms.
Practice creating and validating text box entries.

Week 3: Server-Side Programming
Choose a backend programming language such as Python, PHP, or Node.js.
Learn the basics of server-side programming, including handling HTTP requests and responses.
Set up a simple server and create API endpoints to receive form data.

Week 4: Database Integration
Explore different types of databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, or MongoDB.
Learn how to connect your backend to the chosen database.
Practice storing and retrieving data from the database.

Week 5: Building Order Placement System
Design and create the frontend of your order placement system using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Implement form validation to ensure the data entered is correct.
Connect the frontend to the backend API endpoints to send the form data to the server.

Week 6: Database Management and Accessibility
Learn advanced database concepts like data modeling, querying, and security.
Implement database management techniques to organize and optimize your data.
Set up access controls and security measures for database access.
Test and refine your website, ensuring that the stored data is accessible from another location.

The only part of this process that I have any grasp on so far is week 1. The rest will be new.
My idea is to use the Bish's Website as a basic format for everything that I want to accomplish. The HTML and CSS styling are already right there...

My code starts on line 650.

I've deleted the majority of the body of the home page on Bish's website. I'm having an issue getting rid of that sidebar time that pops up.
I don't know anything about JS so maybe.

I'm going to work for the rest of the night on some tutorials with JS.
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics

I only worked for an hour today.

07.27.23
I made the input bubbles today and put placeholder text that shows sample make, model, year. Trying to figure out how to make it so that
that customer can't submit the form until they enter an entire 17 digit VIN.

I also am having troubles getting my CSS file to connect with my HTML? Could this be because the code I am using from Bish's is overriding the CSS that I am using?
I will find out tomorrow. I might just find it to be easier to make all of this code on a seperate file and then troubleshoot that way,
instead of working around the existing code. We'll see tomorrow. 

I worked for almost an hour today.

08.01.23
https://blog.hubspot.com/website/html-dropdown -> This is a source for the dropdown menu.
I realized that I should include the ability for the submission to go to different emails so that every store isn't receiving every customer order.
For right now I am only including Idaho Falls, Idaho as a location for Bish's so that I can figure out how to get specific parts requests to submit to that location.


I realized last weekend that I should allow the website to show customer info and show which store they are submitting to so I am including that now.

Today I finished the outline that I want just for the base website, not how it will implement into Bish's RV's website. That will come later. For now I just want to 
figure out how to do everything and then make adjustments later on. Today I also worked on the JS. It's surprisingly similar to other languages that I have worked
with (Python, C#). I need to work on writing seperate functions for each input field to insure that the customer is giving me complete information.

- Goal for tomorrow, write seperate functions for JS. 

I worked for about 1.5 hours.

08.02.23
I just spent 40 minutes troubleshooting why my JS wouldn't show up. Only the default HTML 5 message would show up.
I had no clue about the "novalidate" attribute. Very frustrating.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions 
This is my source for the "formatPhoneNumber()" function.

I recognize that I need to add other functions like attaching photos, as well as another text box to explain the issue with your trailer and what you need.
But, I want to move forward with how to set up the backend of the website because that it what I am truly interested in and I know nothing about it.

- later in the night -
I'm working on the server side now, looking into Django(Web Framework for Python). Tomorrow morning I'll do some projects with it and see how it works.

08.03.23
Starting to work on Django, I spent the whole morning just figuring out commands and installing software.
2 hours

08.05.23 
Going through a tutorial video this morning to create my first project.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHux0gMZ3Eg 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18713086/virtualenv-wont-activate-on-windows -> I needed this to get access to open my virtual environment.

I worked for 2 hours this morning.

08.06.23
I spent all morning doing a django tutorial. 

I worked for 2 hours

08.08.23
I'm spending all morning doing more django tutorials.

I worked for 2 hours

08.16.23
I'm getting confused on what this Django Framework is actually supposed to do for me. I understand that it is supposed to help me set up the links and urls and everything. 
Do I really need to do this before setting up a database? Or am I just wasting my time? I only have 3 and 1/2 weeks left to do this project. It feels like I've made no progress.
I'm going to move on to MySQL and setting up a database. If I find that I will need to finish setting things up on Django in order to move forward, then I will come back.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btjBNKP49Rk 
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/can-we-build-a-website-from-python 

I worked for an hour this morning.

